Image link;
https://imagizer.imageshack.com/img923/6884/zEQtNa.png

1. In this architecture, the following components were added;
   i. 2 servers, 1 acts as a load balancer and the other as a redundant web and application server. This addition was made for two reasons; firstly, the website can now handle exponentially more traffic due to the addition of the load balancer and the redundant server. Secondly, because the web and application servers are not running on a single server anymore, the server is no longer a SPOF.

   ii. The application files were upgraded to enhance the functionality of the website.

   iii. 1 more database was added to acts as the replica database, this was done to ensure that a fail over option is available incase of failure of the first database.

2. My load balancer uses the 'Least Connection' algorithm. This algorithm routes requests to the server with the least open connections.

3. My load balancer enables the Active-Active setup. The Active-Active setup utilizes all connected servers at the same time, routing requests to both servers depending on the distribution algorithm used by the load balancer. The Active-Passive request on the other hand routes all requests to one server which is the primary server and uses the other server which is the standby server in case of failure of the primary server.

4. In a primary replica cluster, database operations are performed in the primary database. The primary database is the first and direct connection to all operations for the application. After changes have been made on the primary database, the replica database(s) is/are then synchronized (updated) to the current state of the primary database.

5. The major difference between the primary node and replica node in this application is the order in which database operations / changes are made to the respective databases. The database that implements such changes first is the primary database and the one that does so afterwards is the secondary database.

The above architecture has the following weaknesses;

1. Even though other architecture components have been made redundant to increase traffic handling capacity and eliminate the SPOFs, the load balancer is still an SPOF.

2. There is no firewall implemented in the architecture which means it is vulnerable to all types of malicious traffic.

3. No monitoring service has been implemented in the architecture which means there is no way of measuring website performance and other important metrics.
